“Put away from yourselves every kind
“of malicious bitterness, anger, wrath,
“screaming, and abusive speech,
as well as everything injurious.”
Did anyone start the day thinking,
‘I believe I’ll show malicious bitterness
to my brother today’?
Of course not!
And yet the potential is there, isn’t it?
But genuine affection fights peace wreckers.
And affection grows when we really know
our brothers and sisters well.
We remember their joys
and pains,
their selfless zeal,
how they came to love Jehovah,
and what they endure.
I’ll get back as soon as I can.
Love you. Bye.
Oh, no!
Haley, love?
So sorry, I’ve got to run.
OK. I’ll ring you about this week.
Thanks. Love you both.
See you!
The afternoon would look better.
Nana!
Hello, Haley, darling.
I’m so, so sorry.
Oh, it’s not too bad.
I’ve got this.
Oh.
How are you though?
Thank you. I’m so sorry.
Oh, poor thing.
Let me clear this up.
Thank you.
Oh, Nana, it’s Sunday today, isn’t it?
This one.
It’s felt like such a long day, hasn’t it?
It has felt like a long day.
Thanks.
Sleep well.
Hello, everyone.
Haley from DeNure Design here,
helping you to be effortlessly elegant.
I want to welcome my new followers
and thank everyone
for subscribing to this channel.
So first up, I’ve got
this gorgeous earring and necklace set.
And as you can see, the first disc I’ve done
is in this warm nude tone,
and that’s great because it goes . . .
Can you believe her?
Haley’s business feed?
But what makes this set is really special.
It’s giving you
that understated elegant look.
If you haven’t done so already,
please hit the subscribe button below.
Because as you know,
when you look this good, you feel great.
Really?
Bad news?
She’s a sweetie.
It reminds me that I want to speak to her
about a necklace.
You too?
You don’t think she’s showing off?
No.
Everyone thinks she’s “Miss Wonderful”;
she’s starting to agree.
Is this just about Haley?
It seems it’s all about Haley.
Your tea is getting cold.
And you’re changing the subject.
No,
but you’ve brought this up before.
What is it?
You’re friends; you pioneer together.
Yeah, and that’s why I’m concerned.
Concern is good,
but
is there just a little bit of envy in there?
You pioneer together.
I know, and that’s why I’m concerned.
Concern is good,
but
is there just a little bit of envy in there?
I thought you would understand.
I think I understand your feelings.
But not about Haley?
I haven’t seen all her posts.
There’s nothing immoral, is there?
No.
Good. That’s not like her.
Now, if
it’s a case of her being more careful
how she comes across,
that’s another matter.
Why don’t you talk to her?
Maybe.
Emily, you are a beautiful, spiritual sister.
You know,
for years,
I had a bad habit
of comparing myself to others.
My own insecurity hurt me
and my closest friends.
So you don’t think
I should’ve spoken to Celia?
No, I’m glad you asked Celia about it
—someone you trust.
What did she say?
Well, she definitely understands how I feel.
Good.
And about Haley’s posts?
Well, she hasn’t seen
everything she has out there.
Hmm.
She did say that Haley
needs to be more careful
how she comes across.
What did she suggest?
That I should tell her
that she needs to stop,
but I’m too worked up.
Look,
if Celia agrees
that Haley is doing something she shouldn’t,
you should talk to her.
You’ll find the right time.
Thanks for understanding.
I’m hungry.
Can you say the prayer?
Sure.
Jehovah, we’d like to praise you
for your generosity and kindness . . .
Can you believe that?
Especially as a pioneer,
what kind of example is she setting?
Has Emily stopped following her?
No, not yet, but she probably will.
Alistair, what do you think?
About what?
Haley’s posts on QuicPost.
Is there a problem?
Emily has told me
they’re all just, “Look at me
—my clothes, my hair, my makeup.”
And even Celia agrees with her.
Well, it’s very easy to take things
out of context on social media.
I know that I’ve done that and realized later
that I was wrong.
Yeah, that’s a good point.
Listen, I don’t want to pull you away,
but if you have a minute, would you mind
giving me a hand with these boxes?
Sure.
Thanks for your help.
No problem.
Jake, back in the hall,
I know you were just expressing concern,
but here’s something to consider.
This principle is one of my favorites.
It’s found at Proverbs
chapter 18 and verse 17.
“The first to state his case seems right,
until the other party comes
and cross-examines him.”
I’m not sure I understand.
It just means that sometimes
we only hear one side of a story.
And until we personally hear both,
it’s best not to draw any conclusions.
And even then, if it’s something negative,
we wouldn’t want to spread it
any more than we’d want something spread
about ourselves.
I guess I hadn’t considered that.
Thanks.
I’m going to apologize to Harry and Marie
and have Emily talk directly to Haley.
Good idea.
Yes, Nana?
Don’t forget eggs, dear.
No, no, I didn’t forget.
Are you sure, love?
No, I won’t forget. OK.
Thank you so much.
OK. Love you.
Bye.
No!
Haley, finally, I’ve caught you.
Do you have a minute?
Hi, Emily.
Can we talk later?
I’m really struggling this morning.
You know, it’s just that you’ve been so busy,
and I’ve been waiting for the right moment;
I’d really just like to address it.
OK. What’s up?
It’s just that I’ve noticed
your posts lately on QuicPost.
What about them?
Well, do you really think they’re something
that a pioneer should be posting?
What? What are you talking about?
Some people might think you’re bragging.
Some people? What people?
It’s a business account.
I’ve got to show off my products.
I know. I get that.
It’s just—
I don’t know.
It could feel like you’re drawing
a little too much attention to yourself.
Who would think like that? You?
No, not just me; Celia felt the same.
You spoke to Celia about this?
I didn’t want to upset you.
Jake said that I needed to take . . .
Jake! So everyone thinks
my posts are inappropriate?
Not everyone, Haley.
That’s not what I am saying at all.
You are such . . .
Wow! I can’t believe you.
Who else have you spoken to?
You are just such a gossip!
I’m not gossiping. I was trying to . . .
You are!
I’m just trying to help you,
if you would just listen to me.
You’re so jealous!
If you’d just listen to me.
Oh yeah, listen to this.
And I expected more from you.
Haley, what are you talking about?
Gossiping about my posts!
Are you that lonely
that you’ve got nothing better to do?
Haley,
wait, please!